Add more warnings around the offchain worker example code (#1852)
substrate-developer-hub/substrate-docs: content/md/en/docs/reference/how-to-guides/offchain-workers/offchain-transactions.md

   
![Use the `author_insertKey` method to insert an account](/media/images/docs/author_insertKey.png)
   
Note that the keyType parameter `demo` in this example matches the `KEY_TYPE` declared in the offchain worker pallet.

Now, your pallet is ready to send signed transactions on-chain from offchain workers.

## Unsigned transactions

By default, all unsigned transactions are rejected in Substrate.
To enable Substrate to accept certain unsigned transactions, you must implement the `ValidateUnsigned` trait for the pallet.

Although you must implement the `ValidateUnsigned` trait to send unsigned transactions, this check doesn't guarantee that **only** offchain workers are able to send the transaction. 
You should always consider the consequences of malicious actors sending these transactions as an attempt to tamper with the state of your chain.
Unsigned transactions always represent a potential attack vector that a malicious user could exploit and offchain workers can't be assumed to be a reliable source without additional safeguards.

> You should never assume that unsigned transactions are submitted by an offchain worker. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should never assume that unsigned transactions could be submitted exclusively by an offchain worker. 
```

By default, all unsigned transactions are rejected in Substrate.
To enable Substrate to accept certain unsigned transactions, you must implement the `ValidateUnsigned` trait for the pallet.

> Although you must implement the `ValidateUnsigned` trait to send unsigned transactions, this check doesn't guarantee that a transaction was submitted by the offchain worker, that the transaction is a valid transaction, or that the transaction hasn't been tampered with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although you must implement the `ValidateUnsigned` trait to send unsigned transactions, this check doesn't guarantee that **only** offchain workers are able to send them. You should always consider the consequences of malicious actors sending these transactions as an attempt to tamper with the state of your chain.
```

Unsigned transactions always represent a potential attack vector that a malicious user could exploit and offchain workers can't be assumed to be a reliable source without additional safeguards.

> You should never assume that a transaction was submitted by an offchain worker. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should never assume that the unsigned transaction can only be submitted by an offchain worker. The reality is that (by definition) **anyone** can submit them!
```

> You should always verify transactions—signed or unsigned—coming into the blockchain are from a legitimate source and haven't been tampered with.

Reviewer: I'd remove this line because it is impossible to verify the source of an unsigned transaction.
```suggestion
```

   In this example, users can call the on-chain `extrinsic1` function without a signature, but not any other extrinsic.

   For an example of how `ValidateUnsigned` is implemented in a pallet, see the code for the [offchain-worker](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/blob/master/frame/examples/offchain-worker/src/lib.rs#L301-L329).
	 However, you should note that the code in the example only checks whether the provided `signature` is valid for the signed `payload` key. 
	 This check doesn't validate whether the signer is an offchain worker or authorized to call the specified function.

> 	 This simple check wouldn't prevent an unauthorized actor from using the signed payload to modify state.

Reviewer: These lines are talking about Unsigned Tx w/ Signed Payloads but in the section of Unsigned Tx.

They should be moved to line `511`

> 	 However, you should note that the code in the example only checks whether the provided `signature` is valid for the signed `payload` key. 
> 	 This check doesn't validate whether the signer is an offchain worker or authorized to call the specified function.
> 	 This simple check wouldn't prevent an unauthorized actor from using the signed payload to modify state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	 However, you should note that the code in the example only checks whether the provided `signature` is valid for the `public` key contained inside `payload`. 
	 This check doesn't validate whether the signer is an offchain worker or authorized to call the specified function.
	 This simple check wouldn't prevent an unauthorized actor from using the signed payload to modify state.
```

   ```

   This example uses [`SignedPayload`](https://paritytech.github.io/substrate/master/frame_system/offchain/trait.SignedPayload.html) to verify that the public key in the payload has the same signature as the one provided.

> 	 However, you should note that the code in the example only checks whether the provided `signature` is valid for the  `public` key contained inside `payload`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	 However, you should note that the code in the example only checks whether the provided `signature` is valid for the `public` key contained inside `payload`. 
```
